Week 1
Formed a group with Hayka, Ryan, Ardian, Mathew and I. The decided name for the group was 3900F12APenguin. We proceeded to setup Jira and decided on P16 as our capstone project. We also discussed our preferences based on each other's technical experience. With me as a full stack, I will have particular contribution to the projects database establishment and also frontend development.

Week 2
Met up earlier in the week to delegate parts for the project proposal. I decided to do the system architecture diagram as it was a fair portion of the proposal. 
Upon attending menter session/tutor, managed to clarify the requirements of the proposal and whether the diagram I produced was as required.
The meeting finalised with the team deciding on the next meeting time/date.

Week 3
Met up earlier in the week on wednesday to see where everyone was up to on the project proposal. I have finalised the system architecture diagram.
We decided to stick to a python backend api, postgreSQL database server and use reactJs for  frontend. We could potentially
take on aws for our database depending on client needs and if we need to deploy the project.

Week 4
Again, met up with team earlier on the week to organise and delegate which funtionalities each memeber should be developing.
Finalised and edited the project proposal. I decided to be a full stack developer helping on all 3 sides of the project.
Since then, I have mainly helped developing frontend especially functionality with react jsx. The goal is to finish authentication
by Sprint 1 with acceptable UI.

Week 5
Met up with team earlier the week to finalise sprint 1. We established that some user stories were better off postponed till sprint 2.
This is beacuse some functionality was required before it could be properly implemented which was reasonable. It is worth noting
that better communication between team members can allow for better allocation and clarity of workload. Nevertheless, work achieved
for sprint 1 was rather sound.

Week 6
Spent the flex week implementing functionality for the user Dashboards. Users should be able to message/book other users depending on their needs.
Admins should also be able to delete users, add/delete courses and etc. communication and so as planning has improved since last sprint
leading to completions of items at the required soft deadliens. 