Week 1
Created a group with myself, Hayka, Michael, Ryan and Ardian. The group name chosen was 3900F12APenguin. I am the scrum master for the group. We are looking to do project 16. 
Also, set up our Jira this week and did some discussion on what languages to use for the project.

Week 2
For this week all of us individually worked on separate parts of the proposal. The main part I completed was part b of the proposal. 
Specifically, I added some user stories to the one already written up by Ryan. 
Afterwards, since the user stories were written inside the document I added the user stories to Jira and changed the user stories in the document to screenshots instead. 
Then I moved on to writing the sprints and I decided to follow the format of the lecture with 3 sprints. 
Also, created the sprints on Jira and attached the associated user stories with it and then I screenshotted it to put it in the document. 
Also, write some informal dot points for novel functionality.

Week 3
For this week we did our final touchups for our project proposal. For me specifically, I have finished of part b of the proposal by adding more user stories, 
putting all the user stories on the Jira board, rewording all the main goals in the sprints to contain more details and also put down a few novel functionalities we are going to implement in our project. 
Also helped with rewording some of part A to make it more clear. Since I am the scrum master for the group I will be the one submitting the proposal and I intend to do that right after the tutorial.

Week 4
After submission of the proposal on week 3 Friday we decided to start our actual code with a meeting on Monday.
In the Monday meeting, everyone in the group came together to set up all our framework and structure.
Specifically, we created the backend with some stub functions along with the actual backend server code in python.
Also, we created our frontend framework with reactjs with blank pages for the time being.
Furthermore, I set up and hosted a local postgres server on my local machine as I am the one in charge of databases.
However, I realised that having the actual database server on my local machine might be a bit of a hassle
because no one else in the group will be able to connect to it making it pretty difficult to test our individual parts.
Thus, I decided throughout the week to set up a postgres database on AWS and I have managed to get this to work before the Friday tutorial.
During the Friday tutorial we cleared some things up with the tutor such as how to exactly use the Jira board and also confirmed with each other 
what tasks we should complete before another meeting next monday.

Week 5
For this week my primary job was to code all functions related to manipulating the database. This includes creating functions that set up and delete all tables, clearing all data from the database, inputing dummy data
into the database and printing out all the data from the database. 
Furthermore, I implemented all the database related functions that are called by the backend for auth and profile. Specifically these functions retrieve or store information from and into the database.
Also, we had a lot of meeting through out the week to make sure everything was working properly.
Overall, the entire group this week completed everything related to the profile and authentication. This includes frontend, backend and database. 
At the end of the week, we did the week 5 demo which went really well.
Then after the demo we completed the retrospective. 

Week 6
This week the primary goal as a group was to make the functionality of the bookings (allowing students to book sessions with tutors).
My job was to make sure to set up the database to ensure there is storage for all the bookings.
Furthermore, I also created all the database functions and the backend functions that call the database functions related to booking.
Finally, I created the routes for all the backend functions.

Week 7
This week as a group we wanted to try to complete all of the user stories and functionality for sprint 2. 
This includes all the functionality related to bookings, calender, filtering and all the user stories from sprint 1 that were not completed. 
The reason for this is because we wanted to give ourselves a week to start working on the report and media queries for the frontend.
This is because we do not think we have enough time to do all of that in sprint 3.
At the end of the week we managed to get all of the user stories done with the exception of one or two because of bugs.
My part in all of this was to ensure the backend was all done and working including the database.
